elixir/grade-school/README.md, before:

# Grade School

Write a small archiving program that stores students' names along with the grade that they are in.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.  Grades should sort
  as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted
  alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Grade 1: Anna, Barb, and Charlie. Grade 2: Alex, Peter, and Zoe.
    Grade 3…"

Note that all our students only have one name.  (It's a small town, what
do you want?)


## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- If you're working in a language with mutable data structures and your
  implementation allows outside code to mutate the school's internal DB
  directly, see if you can prevent this. Feel free to introduce additional
  tests.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Running tests

Execute the tests with:

```bash
$ elixir bob_test.exs
```

(Replace `bob_test.exs` with the name of the test file.)


### Pending tests

In the test suites, all but the first test have been skipped.

Once you get a test passing, you can unskip the next one by
commenting out the relevant `@tag :pending` with a `#` symbol.

For example:

```elixir
# @tag :pending
test "shouting" do
  assert Bob.hey("WATCH OUT!") == "Whoa, chill out!"
end
```

Or, you can enable all the tests by commenting out the
`ExUnit.configure` line in the test suite.

```elixir
# ExUnit.configure exclude: :pending, trace: true
```

For more detailed information about the Elixir track, please
see the [help page](http://exercism.io/languages/elixir).

## Source

A pairing session with Phil Battos at gSchool [view source](http://gschool.it)

Commit message:

Get tests working for Grade School

elixir/grade-school/README.md, after:

# Grade School
Simulate students in a school.

Each student is in a grade.

Write a small archiving program that stores students' names along with the grade that they are in.

### Add
Add a student to a particular grade in school.
### Grade
Return the names of the students in a particular grade.
### Sort
Sorts the school by grade and name.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.  Grades should sort
  as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted
  alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Grade 1: Anna, Barb, and Charlie. Grade 2: Alex, Peter, and Zoe.
    Grade 3…"

Note that all our students only have one name.  (It's a small town, what
do you want?)


## For bonus points

Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, these
are some additional things you could try:

- If you're working in a language with mutable data structures and your
  implementation allows outside code to mutate the school's internal DB
  directly, see if you can prevent this. Feel free to introduce additional
  tests.

Then please share your thoughts in a comment on the submission. Did this
experiment make the code better? Worse? Did you learn anything from it?

## Running tests

Execute the tests with:

```bash
$ elixir bob_test.exs
```

(Replace `bob_test.exs` with the name of the test file.)


### Pending tests

In the test suites, all but the first test have been skipped.

Once you get a test passing, you can unskip the next one by
commenting out the relevant `@tag :pending` with a `#` symbol.

For example:

```elixir
# @tag :pending
test "shouting" do
  assert Bob.hey("WATCH OUT!") == "Whoa, chill out!"
end
```

Or, you can enable all the tests by commenting out the
`ExUnit.configure` line in the test suite.

```elixir
# ExUnit.configure exclude: :pending, trace: true
```

For more detailed information about the Elixir track, please
see the [help page](http://exercism.io/languages/elixir).

## Source

A pairing session with Phil Battos at gSchool [view source](http://gschool.it)
